Nine people I'm the voice gets
his new video channel today to one
more weapons cards though to the pharma
Yes, I've got it
say last days ran battlefield 4
actually quite good and had
quite fun gave this gameplay
but now continue to the weapon
the damage is 25 to 18 so the city
damage the storm rifles
that means we need two to three
hits in the head four to six
hits in the chest and five to seven
hit the legs
the job is to start the meter bach
means to damage up to eight meters 25 damage
From then the damage falls to 18 82 bis
55 meters and then we do this too
minimal damage the fire rate amounts to
1000 shot per minute and it with it
really the highest value of all
storm rifles and that's what it will do
magazine sometimes very fast
empty because the gun shoots so fast
and these balls fly with one
speed of 6 30 meters as well
one of the higher values ​​that is if
your goal a little further
is removed and her weapon actually
have to hold because the balls yes
not immediately there then it would have to
do not go that far because the balls has
have a high tempo on it
there we still have a reach of
945 meters is a value to be with
the landlord not even approach
to reach
The capacity is unfortunately a
negative because this only has 25 plus
a shot and that's what she is with
the high rate of fire incredibly fast
empty you really have to be very good
his balls take care of them after a long time
time is one of the longest are
in battlefield 4, two assault rifles
and it is in the short reload 2.8
in seconds and in the long reload 355
seconds to recoil and this
band is really clean so again
incredibly high up 04 after
right 0.6 to the left 04
that is , incredibly high values
hiding mainly to the top right
from very strong and has it too
very strong fluctuations to the left
over
we have multiplier at the first
shot of 25 that means in the first shot
have again the 25-fold recoil and
then the weapon goes off right
to control and since this is about
a burka weapon means that is
magazines
seen further back is the
Scattering the visor if you stand something
higher than other hours will be where
that does not have the case, this is 025
So a little higher
for it is when the visor, the
thereby moving slightly lower the 208
means we can also move
but you should shoot but overall
rather avoid it because you stop in the stand
but still a piece is more accurate
the bold ob design is the driver of something
more accurate than weapons that are not
design are built
she is about a quarter more precise
in most
And that makes itself in the melee
already clearly noticeable because you look
should be able to shoot something more accurate
now we come to the essays and
to a topic where I am not
I'm sure I had to be so
Search a little bit at times
the ranking list what you are the players
Use a lot with the fans
to have
and they finally came along too
my chosen setup already over 1
that would be for example the visor again
a loan there is really that
melee is small with little edge off
point perfect for aiming a laser
You can choose which ones you want
We the three emitters takes the green
or the normal I have the though
normal taken completely enough
after that I have the
commentator taken as in
Educational brake the condenser lower
residue left and right and the
muzzle brake the up and then
I have to compare where is it more
it's just left and right
but altogether of value
much higher up there by 0.1
it is always lowered to the side
it is lowered to the left by 0.1 and after
right number 0 15 so the value there
is a bit higher now
talked teds vegas and then it is
actually very important because
Ultimately, it's about how you are
playful fabric gets along or yourself
Finally came with the capacitor
handle better and last than handle
I have to go back then
wrapped handle grasped what a
example human that is of course one
handle the recoil lowers and
actually therefore you're there
has the driver of the high rebound
the ergonomic grip and also the
reason grip two ways the
Precision to hear something but are from
Unfortunately, the effect is rather weak
unfortunately only minimal I would too
say the trouble
funny is the still clear but the
Wrapped up if you want the burst very much
the lack of it keeps up small
precision boost is not that noticeable
ultimately driving would even say it
is a weapon with very high recoil
and unfortunately also little succession that
you also have mini burston though
Overall , she is not so bad
since they really are the highest
or rather with the lowest
köhler shared she can easily
incredibly fast a player
shoot it down is just easy
the problem as soon as we go easy
continues or is more
unfortunately, do not perform this weapon
more so good and maybe there is
even better alternatives in the arcade
lampards shot has more and sometimes
a little easier to control
is or are accessed equal to or ac
1180 because it was me anyway that the
currently very easy to control
are
Once again pharma is such a thing
single opponent for one person in the
melee is the then the then then
Absolutely awesome that 's it with these
arms money i have top right again
the weapons apply playlist linked and
bottom right my last video and that
with five tips for the sniper
if you want to support me
still under high I own this
video how three people